Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricard Lops, and
today I'm joined by, uh, fellow YouTubers, Bruce Oliver
and Kushi Drake. They are the hosts of Lob
Up for Deb for Debate podcast. And today we're
going to talk about the manosphere. Hopefully we're going
to destroy those guys today. So Bruce and Kushi,
welcome to the show. It's, I've been, I've been
following your podcast for, I mean, almost since the
very beginning actually. So I love your episode. So
thank you so much for doing this.
Thank you for having us. Uh, WE'RE, we're excited,
you know, um, we're excited and we're glad that
we have some more people that, you know, that,
uh, especially in this space because, funny enough, um,
the man is for kind of red pill is
honestly what led us to kind of wanting to
do this, um, because I just, I just feel
like they have single-handedly contributed to like the destruction
of the relationship between men and women, and, uh,
they have a, a really stronghold on the, on
the young generation, and, um. And, and honestly, like
I, I just don't think relationships have to be
anything remotely what they talk about. And uh I,
I feel like the space really needs more kind
of men who combat a lot of the, the,
the ideologies that they preach. So that's one of
the reasons we kind of came into the space
because, you know, obviously we don't talk about Red
Pill Mannister stuff every episode, but we do just
talk about like normal like normal relationship issues and
like how to just deal with them, men and
between men and women. And obviously we have our
differences, but we also have a lot of the
same kind of, you know, traits and characteristics and
things, a lot of things can be hashed out
with just like proper, you know, proper, uh, um,
skills and proper communication and proper, um. Uh, CONVERSATION
and, uh, it doesn't have to be this hateful,
you know, bickering relationship, turmoil, uh, between men and
women, and, uh, they would have you believe otherwise.
So.
Oh yeah, that's for sure, and I mean I
guess that men and women have much more in
common than they have when it comes to their
differences, but I mean we might get into that
later, but what I mean, what, what have been
the things that have irritated you guys the most
when it When it comes to claims made by
manosphere people, particularly the ones who are actually the
front guys when it comes to that. I mean,
the Andrew Tits, the HAS Sticky talkers, and people
like that.
Yeah, that. Um, SOME of the, some of the
biggest issues I think, or some of the things
that kind of stand out to me, um, the
most are the things that they tell you that
women are like the only reason they want men.
Um, uh, YOU know, this overgeneralization of all women
want men for some like key things and, um,
it would have you believe that they're all just
a monolith and uh. And these things, these things
that they tell you that women want you for
are really to degrade women. They, they demonize them,
you know, and, and, and give this sort of
negative connotation and so they use that to manipulate
men into saying, hey, you know, because women only
want the. Things attain those things and then, you
know, he can bag a bunch of women and
then kick him to the curb and I just
think it's, it's really um destructive, you know, um,
but those are kind of some of the, the
main points obviously, um, the, the, the sad part
is that some of their talking points for uplifting
men actually hold true and they're not bad, um,
but they're. They use um. They like to, to,
it's a lot of those same traits they use
to degrade women and they, they want, you know,
they, they preach to manipulate women with those same
traits. And you know, I, I just, yeah, it's
just, it's just all negative. It's, it's all negative,
but yeah, their hate towards women, um, is, and
it's funny because, you know, I said this before,
but they'll tell you that they love, you know,
we love women, we love women, and it's just,
that's not what love looks like.
Yeah. And I don't think they love women at
all, because I, I mean the way they talk
about them and uh I mean the kinds of,
even if you watched, I, I think you probably
watched that documentary, I, if I remember correctly, you
even mentioned it in one of your episodes on
the manosphere, the Louis, the Louis Theroux documentary where
he talks with uh S Nico and the guy
from Fresh and Fit and all of those guys
and I mean, even the way they talk about
their upbringing and the relationship they have or the
lack of relationship with their dads and their mums
and all of that, and the way they, for
example, think about only or talk about only fans
models and all of that. I mean, I, for
me it's pretty clear that they actually hate women
and. What, what seems to me is that they're
even more interested in trying to impress other guys
than impressing women themselves.
Oh, that's such a good one. That's such a
good one. You know, my rebuttal, um, my rebuttal
for, for when men, because they love to call
me a simp, that's, that's their word, right? And
I said, if I simp for women, then you
simp for men, and I'd rather be the former.
Yeah, yeah, that, that's, that's exactly the same thing
I say. Uh, I'm like, yeah, yeah, I'm a
sing for women. Whoa, what, what, what a, what
a problem.
No, absolutely, absolutely, it's like you, you can't really,
you know, and it's, and it's sad because they
paint, they, they, they paint just, you know, uh,
like overall genuinely just like wanting to treat women
with respect and not being misogynistic. They, they treat
that as if like, yeah, like if you are
simping and it's like, no, that's just general decency,
like that's general human decency, you know, it it
it's, it's crazy that they're able to kind of
manipulate it and mask it as some sort of
um. You know, it's some sort of like, oh,
you must be doing this to get to get
women and uh and it just, it just, it's
it's silly. I've even had people comment on some
of our stuff and say um that I'm simping
for her and it's like you you do know
like we have a child together, we've been together
for 8 years. Like I don't, I don't, it's
just hilarious, right? And it's and it's um. You
know, and I guess my, my problem, the biggest,
the biggest thing I find is that the men
that do comment on things, they've just been, they've
been entangled in that world. And so there's a
there's a side of me that says like, I
want to help them and like mentor them and
and Like, hey, you don't have to believe in,
you don't have to subscribe to these prescriptions that
they give you. But on the other side, I'm
so irritated with them that my response is usually
pretty harsh, you know, and it's like, I don't
know if it's counterproductive or not, but I just
I just find that it's so detrimental to women.
And at the end of the day for me,
what I find is that um most of us
are just like we just yearn for love and
companionship and there's there's ways to go about and
getting those, but both men. And women want those
things. And it's just about finding the, the, we
both speak different languages and it's about finding that
common language, right? Like becoming bilingual so you can
talk to your partner the correct way and understand
her and then vice versa. And, and when they
don't understand you, instead of, you know, you know,
berating them or degrading them, you, you help them
understand you, you know, and then if you both
are able to kind of find that common ground
and you're working to understand each other, it's really
hard to fail. It really is. It is, yeah.
Yeah, but, but I mean they have no communication
skills at all.
That's it. Yeah, none. No communication skill. No like,
no, um, there's so much hypocrisy in what the
man is like there's so much hypocrisy. I laugh
at it all the time. Um. I talked about
it a little bit on the episode, but I
said, you know, they will, like we, like you
brought up the, the OnlyFans, they will bash women
for OnlyFans. They will bash them for being promiscuous.
They'll tell men, you know, she has a high
body count, she's a low value woman. On the
other hand. They will encourage men to sleep with
as many women as they can. The hypocrisy is
insane. That is insane. So if all men took
your advice and slept with as many women as
you can, it would just lead into the same
reason you bash women. How does that work? It's,
it's, it's crazy to me. That's, that's insane.
Not, not only that, but many women would have
to have their body can't go, body count go
up because there would have to be enough women
to sleep around with, right? So with every
single guy who wants to, you know, it's just
crazy, like the math isn't math, man, it doesn't,
it's not math. Here, you know, and um and
then and then the fact that they even teach
you to to to to value a woman on
her body count. I mean, obviously there's a double
standard there because they're going to tell you that
a woman, she's lower value because of her body
count while still preaching to men to sleep with
as many women as you can. And it's like,
so, you know, men gain value in their body
count, but women lose value. I don't subscribe to
that double standard.
No, uh, and I mean why should a woman
even, uh, put to, to put enough trust in
a man who, for example, I don't know, has
a body count of 100. I mean it just
sweeps around all the time. I mean, I mean
it's, it's the same, right, the same logic should
apply.
You know, and, and yeah, it's, it's, um, so
I find that a lot of the things, a
lot of things that they try to prescribe to
men, a lot of it just, just contradicts each
other, you know, you, you can't talk about, you
know, relationships not being healthy between men and women.
Like the one thing they'll do is that they'll
preach to you that women are. Hypergamous, right? And
that they want men for their money and so
forth and so on. And but you guys will
also tell men to get their money up, to
make a bunch of money so that you can
get more women. It's just, there's so much contradiction
in what they preach. And it's like, how do
you, how are people not catching on to this?
You know, and I get it. I get how
they gripped the youth. I understand because they, they
found that that hole where men, you know, you
know, were feeling pain and they were feeling, um,
left out and they were feeling alone. And there's,
there's really easy cures to that, but these guys
continue that, they continue that destructive path for men.
Um, AND they'll tell you to, you know, they'll
tell you that, you know, you know, that, that
they'll they'll they'll get into the minds of those
guys that do feel alone and do feel depressed
or do feel anxious, um, and then they'll keep
reinforcing the things that keep you in that same
mindset, um, you know, not showing emotion, not being
vulnerable, not, uh, displaying any sort of emotional intelligence,
right? And, uh, things that actually help your mental
health, things that actually are, to me, I would
attribute to what like healthy masculinity. You know, as
opposed to keeping it all in, being strong all
the time. Like I would say your true strength
is in your confidence to tell people that you're
going through something. Your confidence, they fear monger the
hell out of you and then tell you you're
you're you're soft for being scared, but all they
do is operate out of fear. Fear that a
woman's going to leave you. Fear that a woman's
going to take all your money. Fear that a
woman's going to take your kids. Fear that like
all of these things that you guys are all
scared of these things. And and it's, it's, again,
I can, I can count on 10 hands how
much contradictions that they preach to these men. And
it's like, you know, if we could just find
a way to get away from that thought process
and um and and and tell like, you know,
there is a way to help men, but it's
it's men encouraging other men. Hey, you, you can
talk about your feelings. You can be emotional. And
then those men that are telling them that, not
demeaning them for doing such. You know,
no, and I mean another funny thing is that
they sell the idea that if you just buy
into their ideas, their claims, and if you buy
their courses or whatever, then you will be successful,
but actually their own success depends on exploiting the
contradiction, man. And exploiting guys that are lonely. So
if, if the guys that they say they want
to make successful would actually be successful, then they
would no longer be their clients. Right,
right. I mean, it's such a good point. It's
such a good point. It's, it's, it's crazy how,
how it works and um and it's sad because
we're not dealing with the guys that are preaching
it. I'm stuck dealing with the guys who have
subscribed to it. You know, and so are the
women, and so are the women, right? It's not,
it's not the, the, it's not these red pill,
Andrew Tates, Myron Gaines guys. It's, it's the guys
that followed them and subscribe to them that the
women in the world are now trying to have
to deal with. And you wonder why this dating
pool is, is going south, you know, you wonder
why dating is going south, why marriages are going
south, and you know,
I mean, actually, I think that women also have
to deal with uh, with Andrew Tate and Myron
because first of all. First of all, Andrew T
is a sex trafficker, right? So, so that's, that's,
that's the right thing. And then the other guys,
I mean, even if just the relationships they showed
in the Louis Theroux documentary, I mean, they are
just fucked up relationships. So, you know, and,
and yeah, it's, it's, it's funny you bring it
up. It's like these guys, none of them have
meaningful relationships. Like none of them have meaningful relationships.
I, I talk about this and I say, You
can watch these women. Obviously we know that um
one of them got, I think it was Myra
Gaines where his girlfriend left, ends up leaving him
at the end of the, you know, by the
end of the show, and I've seen, I've actually
seen interviews with her since, and clearly she's like
much happier now and kind of opened her eyes
to this stuff. You know, one of the other
guys, um, can't think of his name, he was
kind of the suave guy always dressed up, uh,
one of Andrew Tate's like close friends.
That guy, I can't remember his name.
I know it's popular Justin, Justin. Just in something.
Yeah, it's just in something. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, that's right. That's right.
Yeah. And you watch him and he talks about
how he can sleep with multiple women and his
wife doesn't care, a quote unquote wife. I don't
even know if they're married. I couldn't really understand
the dynamic, but says his wife doesn't care. And
her response to that is, well, I just don't
want to know about it. That doesn't signal I
don't care. That signals I care. I just don't
want my feelings hurt, right? There's nothing meaningful. There's
no substance there. These guys, again, they they I
think it's cool and they, but it's just all
manipulation and then of course you got Andrew Tate
who obviously again has no meaningful. I mean he
sex traffics women. He, he, he flies women across
the world and tells them he's going to marry
them, then he coerces them into these, um, well,
allegedly I think because I know this case is
still going on and I don't want to get,
you know, I don't want them to come after
me but you know, from, from what the documents
say, from what the indictments say, from my understanding
is that they are charging him for, you know,
flying women, you know, saying that he was gonna
marry them or promising some sort of relationship and
then. Coercing them into doing, you know, cam cam
model model cam stuff and then obviously never, never
carrying on some sort of relationship with these women
and that's where the, the trafficking comes in, right?
He's, you know, he's, he's harboring women, bringing them
in from other countries, and then promising something that,
that he never delivers on. And, um, this is
the guy that, that we're, we're calling the masculine,
the, the guy that we want to follow like
I. I don't know. I don't know. I, I
just, that, that seems like a really, that seems
like a just a life doom for, for a
lot of pain and, and no one loving you.
So yeah, the same guy who said he was
a world champion in kickboxing and then just a
few months ago, he was completely destroyed.
Yeah, he got his ass whooped. He got his
ass whooped, yeah. So, you know,
I, I, I mean that guy is so pathetic.
I, I don't know if you watched an interview
with it with Piers Morgan. I think
it
was,
yeah, I've seen him.
Have you watched them all because you them all.
Yeah, I've watched them all. I've watched the one
where they play chess. I watched the one prior
to that, and then Piers
Morgan, OK, OK, the, the one, the one where
they shot it. In Romania, I mean, supposedly at
his mansion, yes, yes, OK, yeah, yeah, because there
was a point where Piers Morgan was confronting him
with the with some of the claims that had
been put forth against him, and one of them
was that he used the lover boy. Method to
recruit women into his sex scam thing and, and,
and he turns
to
Piers Morgan and says, oh, what, what's that lover
boy method bullshit? You, you begged me to come
on your show. You also use the lover boy
method. And I was like, what the heck is
this guy? He's pathetic,
man. See, man, and that works with people who
don't like, who can't catch on to that, but
it's just like, it's so pathetic. It's so pathetic
when I see that. And um he's he's good
at escaping questions. He's good at, like, don't get
me wrong, these guys are smart, man. They're not
dumb. They're they're they're grifters. They are scammers, um,
and that's how they make all their money. Obviously
these guys have the, you know, what their crypto
scams going on and they're, like you said, they're
sales funnel scams going on, these, these pyramid schemes
where like you said, they get guys to subscribe
to their stuff and You know, and, and, and
that's how they make all their money, um, and,
and from my understanding have done some, some rug
pulls on crypto stuff. I mean, it's just, yeah,
man, I, I, I don't know, I don't know,
it's just. It's sad. I, I don't know how
these guys took over, um,
but I got to get rid of them. We
got to get rid of them. And the other
guy from the documentary, the Justin something guy, I
mean, at a certain point he was saying, oh,
I have a one-sided monogamy relationship, and I was
like, what the heck are you inventing there? One-sided
monogamy is not, is not monogamy. I mean that's
a that's a contradiction. I mean, it's either polygyny
or polyandry or polyamory, but what's that? Bullshit about
one side of the monogamy, man. Yeah,
they made that one up. Yeah, and they sell
that shit, man, and nobody like, and, and they're
buying people buy into it. And I'm just like,
we have to. That's why I was so angry
in that episode because I was like, we have
these guys have to go. They have to go.
They are single-handedly destroying men and and manipulating them
for, for monetary value. They have no, they don't
care about none of this stuff. I watched Myron
and I'm like, dude, you're, you're not even the
person you. You're like, you preach this way, but
you're a softy and you want love just like
the rest of us, man. You just try to
act, we've got this tough shell on and you've
sold yourself and you sold your soul. You sold
your soul and you are destroying people and I
want to be the antithesis to that. I want
to destroy them back. I, I, I, I wholeheartedly
hope that I can inspire enough guys and like
I said, because I just don't see enough and
I don't see enough pushback, or at least, you
know. I, I, I just don't see enough pushback.
It's, it's, it's, there's so many, when I, when
I, even the comments that I, that we get
on some of our podcasts, I, I know it's,
some of these guys because I'm going to say
a lot of shit that they don't agree with.
Um, AND, and I'm glad, I'm glad. I want
you to hear a man speak on how a
man should act. And I'm not the, you know,
I'm not saying I'm the, the, the, the role
model for how all men should act, but I,
but I, I am the opposite of what these
guys talk about, and I promise you, um, I'm,
I'm. Uh, I have way better relationships than they
do because of it, so.
Yeah, and I mean another funny thing is that
they are just fucking insecure, man. It's obvious that
they are insecure. I mean, it's, it's like, oh
my God, they have to to subjugate women and
oh my God, I don't want women to go
to university because They might, they might become more
intelligent than I am.
And that's the funny thing. It's like, um, what
were you about to say something? Oh. That's, that's
the funny thing about, um, yeah, it's like that's
the new wave now. Like women shouldn't be voting
and women shouldn't. I don't know if you know
Andrew Wilson is. Do you know? 00,
oh my God, that, that guy is such a
man, he might, he might be one of the
worst, man. He might be one of the worst
because he's smart enough to know what he's doing.
He knows what, yeah,
but
yeah,
but he can't open a pickle jar, so yeah,
he can't. I don't, do you, have you seen
this? Wilson. OK. Andrew Wilson is this, uh.
A Christian nationalist.
Yeah, yeah, he's a Christian nationalist, so he believes,
like, you know, he, he, he he had to
say, yeah, well, yeah, yeah, basically,
but go ahead just in case if anyone else
doesn't know.
What did you see the um whatever podcast where
he, uh, where the woman calls his, his wife,
the 3 baby daddies and he, and
he could, I mean, he spaz out. OK,
so he's. He snapped immediately snapped.
That's the insecurity you're talking about. That's it. These
guys can't handle the things that they dish out.
And it's like, this isn't men, this isn't manly.
This isn't masculinity, man. So the Andrew Wilson is,
yeah, he's a Christian nationalist. He's in this red
pill community now. He does. That's the funny thing
too. A lot of their beliefs kind of clash
because he actually is, he will, he does promote
marriage, but he thinks marriage should be like traditional
where the woman is home, she doesn't vote, she
doesn't she doesn't work. She doesn't go to school.
She cooks, cleans, and he does, and he is
married and has a wife like that, but they'll
preach against promiscuity, uh, promiscuity. He preaches against, you
know, he's, he still goes on these podcasts and
bashes women. He's been on the, you know, him
and Myron Gaines, they're friends. They, he's on the
Fresh and Fruit podcast, but it's funny because they
all, they actually do contradict each other in a
lot of the things that they believe in because
he'll preach marriage while Myron Gaine talks against it.
So, um, so yes, he goes on. Whatever podcast
and he's he's debating Naima, I think it was.
I think it was Naima, the light skinned, the
light skinned girl.
I think that's what he's debating. No, yeah, one
of them was Naima, but in that debate where
she mentioned the three baby daddies,
that was, that was the other girl. Yeah, I
don't know, I think her name was Charlie or
something.
Charlie, it was, yeah. So the Naima one, they
handed Andrew like a pickle jar and he like
he And this guy's like he's old, you know,
he talks about masculinity and strength and strong, and,
and he couldn't open it and he, he just
like it became this huge meme and so every
comment now you see like one of his videos
is like just hand him a pickle jar because
he like, I'll show it to you later. He
just, yeah, he could not open it and then
some other guy comes along, picks it out of
his hand and
opens it immediately
and you should see him because he's like literally
on the spot coping where he's like, he's like,
um,
oh you grinsed it all.
Grease the top. You grease the top. He's like
telling Naima, you grease the top. And she was
like, dude, she was like, dude, it's just a
pickle. I don't know what to tell you. And
then you have, uh, but then he goes, Yeah,
he's on the whatever podcast again, and he's got
a, um, he's, he's arguing with some Charlie. I,
I don't know her last name. I never I
hadn't seen her before this. And, uh, yeah, she's,
um, just out of nowhere they're just they're conversing
with each other. They're having this little debate, and
then he like gives her this overview of what
he thinks of her and then she kind of.
Shoots back and says, well, you know, you're married
to a woman who has like 3 prior baby
fathers and kids with different men. And it's like
the moment was insanely like eye revealing because I
don't think most people knew that about him. And
he's like the main one who would preach against
like having a woman who has been with multiple
partners prior to them. Like I, I remember watching
a really, I don't know if you've seen this
debate, he had a really prominent debate with a
guy where he was like bashing this dude for.
The guy not caring that his girlfriend had like
men prior to him. Um, HAVE you, have you
seen that debate? Um, IT'S on the podcast. Yeah,
he was bashing this guy for like, you know,
he was like, you don't care if your girls
had, you know, prior partners to you. Like you're
a, you're a, you know, you're a cock and
whatever the little words they'd like to use. And
then this girl pops up out of nowhere and
like just exposes him and he like he spazzs.
I mean he. Yeah, and
the guy, and look, the guy is a complete
creep because he's always talking about having relationships with
18-year-old girls, and I'm like,
what the heck.
He's like, he's like 45. Why would he want
to have a relationship with an 18 year old
girl? I mean, what the heck? What are you
doing with your life, man?
Yeah, and, and it's funny because like I watched
these guys just to kind of get a good
insight into like what they believe because I have
to be able to kind of push back and
fight back against it. And all of them have
different, they just, they all like, they don't they
don't even agree with half of each other. They
all just hate women. I think that's where they
kind of all align on is like they all
hate women, which is insane to me. I like
because women I don't know, I love women. I
love them so much. You guys hate them and
I hate you for it.
Yeah, but, but, but you know that that's why
there are women. I mean, some of them are
feminists, some of them are not, but whatever. I
mean, there are women who actually say that. I
mean, there's some homoeroticism going on there because they're
like always trying to impress, as I said earlier,
always trying to impress the other guys and not
the women because they're actually.
That's where we get into the um into the
uh Nick Fuentes, um, the gropers where they, they,
I mean they hate women so much so they
get accused of being gay because they do not
like women so much so that they All interact
with each other and it's just this big circle
jerk of men circle jerk. You know, and I
feel bad because it's like I know about these,
you know I get it. There's like incels and
black and now there's Black Pill where it's these
guys who are just hopeless and don't You know,
but it's, it's like, yeah, I don't know. I
don't know, but, uh, yeah, so it's, it's, it,
it's really funny. It's really funny how it just
kind of all comes back full surface where it's
like you guys hate, yeah, I made a post,
funny enough, I made a post the other day,
it's like you guys like hate women so much
that it's pretty soon you're gonna just start you're
gonna start calling it gay to hang out with
your girl that's where that's where we're headed.
No, but, but look, even the advice they give
to the, to their followers, I, I mean, it's
never going to work, man. It's never gonna work.
It's like, it's like even girls, uh, um, I
mean, tell stories about that, about how sometimes they
have dates and a guy starts. And the guy
they're meeting starts saying that, oh my God, I
like submissive women. I want a woman that is
that doesn't work, that's always at home and we
have kids and all of that. And they're like,
what the heck?
And 1940,
buddy.
Yeah, I, I, I mean 1950s, yeah, like 1950s
was such a good time that women, women were
all medicated and they were having lobotomists to do
with their hysteria.
But that's, that's what they want to go back
to. They, they'd prefer that. They'd prefer that because
what happened, what happened is, um, women were unhappy
and so as soon as they got freedom, they
showed you that they were unhappy because they left
all you, they left all of you. You shitty
men, right? And now men instead of playing catch
up and saying, you know what, we actually do
got to change internally, they'd rather just like bash
the women and force them back into those old
times because everything to them is transactional. Everything is
transactional. There's no substance in what they talk about.
Uh, NO, look, just back in December, I interviewed
Nina Hartley. I mean, she's a, I don't know
if you ever heard of her,
but
she's, yeah, she's basically a legend in the porn
industry and we were talking about also uh. And
we were talking also about relationships and so on,
and at a certain point she said, oh my
God, nowadays I only hear, uh, uh like loser
men talking about, uh, you need to have, uh,
6, 66, like 6 inches, 6 figures, and, and
6 and be 6 ft, and, and she was
like, I, I mean, I'm dealing with with children
here. I mean this guy. They have no emotional
intelligence. They're like pathetic.
That's what it is, just the lack of emotional
intelligence. Um, YEAH, it's it's absolutely insane to me.
Like I said, instead of doing the internal work,
instead of doing the work that it takes to
like, you know what? Yeah. 000 shit, like women
are humans. My bad. I'm sorry that you're not
robots, you're not slaves. I didn't realize that. OK.
Yeah, let me actually change internally so that I
can be a better man. For the women out
here. Nope, you guys would just rather still be
just shitty men, still, you know, basically enslaving women
for your own like, and, and I just don't,
I don't, I don't see any happiness in that.
It's, it's, these guys are not happy. They're not
happy. And they can have all the money in
the world and they can have like all that
vein, all that materialism. It's, it's, it's just a
sign of your insecurity, your fear, and, uh, your
unhappiness and your, and your, your deteriorating mental health.
Yeah, and I mean the thing they don't understand
is that up till the 50s or 60s, I
mean the sexual revolution was back in the, yeah,
second wave feminism was back in the 70s, so
the 50s, 60s. I mean, the reason why most
men were married was that, was because most women
wouldn't have economic opportunities. So I mean it was
the only way they could sustain themselves. So I
mean if now with the economic opportunities, they choose
not to date a huge number of guys out
there, the only thing that that tells us is
that there are many men out there that were
really not worth dating because they don't have anything,
they don't have. Anything to offer and I mean,
I'm not even focusing necessarily on the money. I
mean, it's just that they are not interesting people.
They are not, they are not intelligent. They are
not emotionally intelligent. They, they don't have, uh, they
don't know how to talk about interesting stuff. They
are not, they are not funny. They are not
witty. So you know what, what do they have
to?
They, they don't. And dude, you're, you're literally, you're
you're like, you're pulling at my heartstrings right now.
Like this is, this is exactly what happened. It's
exactly what happened that you said outside of money,
and the reason we venture outside of money is
because once you take money out of the equation,
it's funny because the men will run around the
streets and put microphones up to women and being
like, Oh, what do you bring to the table?
But the question should actually be posed to men
because outside of money, what do you bring to
the table? Because, because women aren't choosing you. So
when you took away that money, when you took
away that economic power that men had and women
finally had that freedom to choose, they stopped choosing
you. That's, that's, that's a you problem, buddy, not
a them problem. It just means you weren't worth
it. You weren't, you, you, you, you didn't have
the actual human skill sets needed to, to have
a meaningful, um, um, successful relationship. And that's why,
that's, that's why you struggle in the, in the
women world because outside of the money, you don't
have anything else to offer these women. Like you
said that, like that's exactly what happened. The, the
lack of. Emotional maturity, the lack of, um, the
lack of, you know, charisma, the lack of humor,
the lack of strength, and not just like physical
strength, like mental strength, the lack of um communication
skills. You guys don't know how to talk at
all. You don't know how to talk to people
and and and communicate and and and adapt and
find compromise. You have no like resolution skills, like
no, no solution skills whatsoever. Um, YOU can't solve
problems.
No, no, no, and, and look, look, I, I'm
a total nerd, so just to put that out
there, so, but, but I can promise you, if
you know your shit and you can talk about
different topics, you will be able to have a
conversation. With a woman and you will have an
interesting conversation with a woman and sometimes she might
be also romantically interested in you, other times not,
but I mean you, you can get out there
and actually talk with women quite easily.
Yeah, I don't think it's, I don't think it's
hard at all. I mean, I'm in sales. Uh,
IT'S how they make, I make the bulk of
my money and my whole job is adapting to
people. That, that's what I, I have to, I
have to talk to people. I have to be
able to communicate with people. And I'll tell you
what, I can go into a 45 or I
can go into a 70 year old woman's house
and have an hour and a half hour conversation
and I can go into a. Young, you know,
18 year old kid's house and have an hour
and a half hour conversation because the communication again,
it's not to big myself up, it's just to
say that when you lack those qualities, you know,
I can't just pull out my money every time.
Like, and if you do use your money to
pull women, I'm not saying that's not possible, but
don't be, don't be, uh, um, don't be surprised
when the women you're getting with that money also
don't have any substance. You know, and those are
the women you may be upset with, and usually
they're younger, right? Like 18 years old. These, these,
these OnlyFan girls, which I don't have a. Listen,
this, you know, I don't, I'm not, I don't
have a judgmental bone in my body, OK? Um,
YOU know, if, if she does OnlyFans, you know.
This, this is what I say. If you don't
want a woman who does OnlyFans, then just don't
date a woman who does OnlyFans. It's really that
simple. It's just, just that simple. You don't have
to bash her. You don't have to degrade her,
right? There's, there's a lot of women, if you
walk outside right now that don't have an OnlyFans,
I promise that there's a lot of them. They're
the world isn't social media, and that's what these
guys would have you believe. But, um, yeah, I,
I, I don't know, man. Yeah,
no, but, but I mean, those guys even believe
that BS statistic that nowadays in the US. Like
10% of young girls are doing only 10s, and
I'm 10%, are you fucking insane? Where did you
get that number from? I mean, and, and if
you expand it to the entire world, it would
be like, OK, so if half the population, 4
billion is women, 10%, it would be like 400
or 4 million. I mean, I don't, I don't,
I don't even, 4 million women out there would
be, are you insane? Come on. But they
believe this. Oh, I know, I know. They all
their little percentage rules, their little 80/20 rule where
20%, 80% of women want 20%. It's just, it's
just all bullshit, man. It's all bullshit. And, and
I can debunk every single thing they say. I
can, I can debunk every single talking point that
they, I've heard every single one of them. They're
all based on anecdotal bullshit that, um, that maybe
you've experienced at some time in your life. Sure,
because humans, sometimes humans. SHITTY things for sure, but
that is a human thing. That is not a
woman thing. That's not a man thing. But they
would have you believe, man, yeah, it just, I
could go on, I could go on for days.
It's, it's absolutely frustrating, um, and
yeah, but you know what you said earlier about
the younger girls being the ones who usually have
those kind of simplistic kind of, uh, wants in
a man like, oh my God, I want a
rich guy or whatever, something like that. Uh, I
mean, it's funny. Because, uh, these guys, these menosphere
guys are always talking about dating women, uh, uh,
I mean, between 18 and 20 something, and I
mean, it's funny because those are actually the ones
that are more likely to want that kind of
BS. So yeah, no, no, no wonder. But, but
I mean, the other thing I was going to
say is that's one of the reasons why when
I was like, In my adolescence, my adolescence and
early twenties, I was always dating older women because
I was, I was smart enough. Already
back to drop some of that knowledge on me,
buddy, because I had to learn the hard way,
OK. No, no, you know that there's, I don't
know who said this exactly, but there, there was
a wise guy who said intelligent people learn from
their own mistakes, wise people learn from the mistakes
of others,
so facts, that's, that is very, very true. Yeah,
I, I, that, that's funny. I, I use it
all the time because I have a, I have
a, I have an older brother who made a
few more mistakes than I did and I always
would watch him and I'd be like, OK, I'm
not doing that because I definitely don't wanna end
up, you know, I don't wanna end up in
that position. Um, BUT yeah, the women department, I
will say, you know, I was a little, uh,
I was a little, I was a little wild
in my twenties, but it also Made me, you
know, who I am today and why I can
kind of look at some of those things and
probably some of those ideologies that I probably adopted
even before there was a red pill, you know,
community. When I look back and say, yeah, that
was like the younger me with zero experience and
zero understanding of the world. And now that I'm
older, yeah, I, I can call all of this
out. I can call all of this out and,
and call it for what it is. And, um,
and, and I, I I hate that they took
hold before I realized it because I didn't know
what the red pill community and she doesn't, you
know, that's probably why I'm a little more passionate
about it, right?
SO passionate. I love it.
That's why she's probably a little more quiet because
I kind of put her onto that. So she
you know she stays in her own world a
little bit. I
do. Yeah, I do a little bit and it
kind of helps with my, you know, mental health
sometimes. But yeah, he he introduced me to it.
We watched that documentary and I mean, my mind
was absolutely blown. Um, I was familiar with Andrew
Tate. I hate saying his name. Um, BUT watching
that documentary, it was so crazy because I literally
saw them for who they truly were just in
that documentary. It was so easy to like see
like what they were truly about. Um, AND it's
really like I don't know. I just feel like
we need more men out there who You know,
are actually rooting for the women and want to
have that connection with us. Because I I will
say not all women hate men, so I don't
understand where this war is coming from. You know.
So it blew my mind that I learned that,
wow, this is actually a thing, this is happening
in 2026. It's so crazy to me. Yeah, that's
why
she got to see what I was so passionate
about it because I had to show her the
documentary. I was like, this is the stuff I'm
talking about. You know, yeah, yeah, but, but
tell us more than Kushi, because I, I mean,
I'm interested here. I mean, it's been just the
guys here talking about our own perspective on the
menosphere, but from a, from a female perspective, I
mean, what, what do you make of those guys?
And the claims they make and oh women are
this, women are that, women are, you know, what
do you make of that?
Yeah, you know, like I don't like to judge
people, but they're quite disgusting to me. Like when
I was watching that documentary and like getting to
know each and every, you know, one of those
guys they were showcasing, um, I I could just
see like the insecurities. I could see that they
are preying on men who, um, clearly don't have
like any sort of like positive, like, um, uh,
positive men and role models in their lives, and
that they're like grasping onto these, um, you know,
what are they, creators? I don't know. Uh, WELL,
unfortunately they are creating, uh, negative content. Um. And
so yeah, like that, that's, that's like my take
on it. They're truly like preying on, on vulnerable
men, I like to say, because I feel like
if you are a strong man and you, you
know, stand for what you believe in, and you
are healthy-ish, are we all healthy mentally? I don't
know. But like, But if you, you know, um,
uh, take care of your mental health, how can
you let someone manipulate you, and, and change your
beliefs, and change how you feel towards, um, the
opposite sex? Like, I just think that, you know,
they're just preying on the men who are just
so vulnerable. And it's unfortunate, because then you have
Like the younger generations, um, who are just trying
to find their way in, in life and trying
to figure out like what they believe in and
how they feel, um, about the opposite sex, because
they're, you know, in the dating game, um, at
1819, even in your twenties, um. And yeah, it's
they're just a cancer to society is is seriously
how I feel about this. Um, AND it scares
me because I am a mom of three daughters.
Um, MY oldest is almost 14, my middle child's
12, and then our youngest is 6. And I
keep thinking like, oh my gosh, like they have
to, if this continues, by the time they are
ready to date, they're going to encounter. Who know
these terrible men out there who are, uh, you
know, feeding all of this negative content, and, um,
and teaching men and boys, like the manipulative tactics,
um, that they teach. Um, AND unfortunately, they're going
to end up crossing paths, um, with one of
them. So, so yeah, it also frightens me at
the same time, so.
No, yeah, I mean, just personally, uh, I mean,
I'm 35 and my brother is 10 years younger
than me and a few years ago, he was
talking about Andrew Tate and I was like, OK,
OK, we have to have a serious conversation here,
because, no, no, no, you're not going to keep
on listening to Andrew Tate, not at all.
They're good, man. They get you, dude, they get
you with that bravado. And that, that, that masculine
talk and then they, they, they bait bait and
hook you and then sink you, man. It's, it'll
get you and it'll play on, it will. It's,
it's really good. It'll play on like certain, you
know, experiences that like negative experience that you probably
have had with women and women that have had
with you, because don't get me wrong, like obviously
the women have their side too. They got, they
got their men bashers over there and understandably so.
I'm not. I'm not here to discuss women because
and that's kind of my thing is like I
don't, I don't tell women how to behave or
how to act because I'm not a woman. I'll
let the women handle the women, OK? I'm here
to talk to the Tates and to the to
the Gaines and to the, you know, these ticky-talkies.
That's my world. Um, SO, you know, uh, But,
but yeah, you know, they are going to cross
paths. You got to get these, they, they use
those tactics and they get them young. And, uh,
as a like even me, you know, I grew
up without a father. So, um, a lot of
us that did grow up that way, uh, our
experiences came from just hands on, like, you know,
trial and error, guessing testing, watching what we saw
around. This, right, so if our other role models
around us were, you know, players or, you know,
uh, uh, you know, had the same thought, you
know, thoughts as, as these guys,
but you, but you know what, but you know
what, I don't know if you also have this
kind of experience in your life, but I think,
or at least this happened to me, but I
mean, I grew up with both my parents at
home, but uh. I, I think you can also
learn a lot about women from women themselves. It's
a really good point. I mean, have you, haven't
you learned important lessons about women from your mother,
for example?
Yes, yes, and, and it's a great, it's a
great point because I, I did find it odd.
That a lot of these guys came from single
mother households, like the tikkitaki guy who clearly had
a pretty close relationship with his mom and who
his mom was fairly against what he did. Um,
BUT still he went out and had this, this
thought, you know, these, these thought processes about women.
And I'll tell you what, I, I, while I,
while I did grow up and, you know, I
wasn't the best guy in my twenties in terms
of just like my treatment of women and just
being a player and running around, you know, doing,
doing what a young man does. Um, I, I
can tell you what, like the hate that these
guys harness for women, I, I didn't have that.
I was my, my mom, I mean, she, she
showed me, she was, she's the strongest. Person I
know. And if, if it's one thing that she
taught me was, was the respect and, and, and
the love and to, to know what a woman
is capable of. I mean, I, I, I, um,
grant, you know, I credit her with like my
work ethic because I've never seen nobody work that
hard. So you, that's why you can't tell me
all these negative aspects of, of, of women and
because I, I watched a woman raise two young
men and I watched her bust her ass and
I watched her take on the role of a
man. To make sure that we, you know, we
ate. And you, so you can't just, you just
can't tell me. And I, and I guarantee that's
where my distaste for this community comes from because
I, I've seen what women are capable of and
the, the, the person, the, the people that I
love the most in my life, they happen to
be women. The closest people to me, the people
that have always supported me, have had my back,
have had, that dealt with my emotions, have stuck
with me when I didn't deserve it was women,
always. It was my mom, it was my girl.
You know, I have my daughter now. I've never
known a love like that, you know, and so,
um, yeah, you know, it's just, it's just really
hard. And some of these guys have daughters. Some
of these guys have kids, and it blows my
mind because it's like there's no way you let
your daughter on anything, any, any of the guys
that you talk to and let them have and
let them have the same, you know, um, And
let them subscribe to the same belief system that
you have. There's, there's no way you let your
daughter with one of those guys that subscribe to
what you do. I, I, I guarantee it. I,
I, I guarantee it.
Yeah, I, I, I mean because even at the
end of the day they are promoting domestic violence,
basically. I mean even, even if it's not straight
out, uh, physical violence, they're promoting emotional violence, psychological
violence, so. I mean, yeah, come on, would you
want to have a daughter treated like that by
another man?
No, you'd go to his house and you'd beat
his ass. You would, because you're going to protect
your daughter. Again, more hypocrisy. That's just all this
is. You would never want your daughter to be
treated this way, and that's how I actually approach
life is like, would I want my daughter? No,
I wouldn't want her to be treated this way.
Why would I steer a man in that direction?
Yeah, and I mean, another thing that irritates me
a lot about these guys, even the main figures
of the manosphere, not just some of their followers,
is that they have this victim mentality. It's like,
oh my God, I'm such an alpha male, but
oh my God, a woman rejected me. Oh my
God, feminist, really,
really love it. That's hilarious. That's. Exactly, yeah. No,
it goes back to my point is where they
talk about how masculine you've got to be, but
they're scared of everything. They're scared of all, they're
scared of all of this. They're scared of women.
Like, no,
they're scared of women going to university and having
jobs. Come on. Are you kidding me?
Yeah, it's like you can't handle that. Like your
fragile ego mind can't handle your girl having a
job and being career minded, you know, and then.
It's so crazy because you should want to see
the women thriving. No,
because it takes away their power. It takes away
it takes away, because when the women thrive, the
men have to step up to the plate and
have something more than money to offer them. That's
where the problem came in. They just didn't have
anything else. Like you talked about for the sexual
revolution, men could control the household because they had
the money. They had the economic power. A woman
couldn't leave the house. She couldn't leave. She left,
she didn't have anything, right? She didn't have a
bank account. She didn't have money saved up. Even
back then, they refused like women couldn't get loans,
right? Like I mean, I
mean, even domestic violence and uh and, and there
wasn't even a legal definition for
I think till like the 90s, right? Wasn't it
like till the 90s,
in the early 90s, yeah, in the US and
the UK.
Yeah, like
imagine I mean when I learned that fact, I
was like, what the heck, man? The 90s,
the 9, that was yesterday, dude. Imagine your husband.
COULD actually to essay you and you couldn't go
report that to the cops. They'd be like, That's
your husband. That wasn't a thing. And then you
wonder why women, when they got freedom, they dipped.
They were like, Yeah, I'm out of here, man.
That's crazy. And the women and the men and
The problem is maybe men just didn't know how.
I got to. I try to shoot belts with
some men because maybe we just didn't know how.
But now we know how. And instead of doing
it, you'd rather just be lazy and be like,
Nope, send the women back to the 50s and
let us go back to the. I always laugh
at this, like, ask your grandmas. Her and her
her and her her and your grandpa, they stayed
together for 40 years. Yeah, she didn't have a
choice. She didn't go nowhere. This wasn't happiness, guys.
That's not happiness. She was stuck. She couldn't leave,
um, because as soon as they were able to,
they did, you know, they're out of here. And
so the the the the The solution to that
would be to catch up to them, because if
that's what if that's ultimately, if they've found their
happy place, if a woman found her happy place
in her freedom, and her freedom to be able
to be educated, and her freedom to be able
to be career minded, um, and and have any
sort of life that she wanted to, then our
Then what our goal should have been is to
meet you there, to meet you at that happiness,
not to drag you back down because we didn't
like, because we were too lazy to find the
skills that it took to, to, to, to, to
meet you there. And, um, and that's what these
guys are. That's what these guys are.
Yeah, no, for sure, for sure, man, and I
mean, I was going to say like, Um, I,
I guess that one of the things also that
when it comes to the bad advice these guys
give other men is that look, I think I'm
going to repeat myself a little bit here, but
first of all, You need to learn to talk
with people. I mean just people. It doesn't even
matter if it's men or women, you need to
learn to talk with people. I mean you can't
just be 24/7 in your basement or your bedroom
and just expect by osmosis from listening to fucking
Andrew. It's to get communication skills or whatever. I,
I mean, you, you have to learn to talk
with people. You have to be an interesting person.
So I mean, the more you learn, the more
interesting you are, the more experiences you have, the
more interesting you are because you have more to
talk about. And I'm, and I mean, if, if
you know your stuff. And you have good communication
skills and you're, and because of that you are
confident when speaking. I mean, believe me, that takes
you a long way.
It goes a long way
when it comes when it comes, when it comes
to getting dates, to getting partners and all of
that, just that alone.
Yeah. No, literally. And you know, I hate to
be, and I hate to be anecdotal, but it's
just like they'll, you know, I got, you know,
they're going to tell you that you have to
look a certain way, be a certain height, have
all this money. Man, I got a 5'4 friend
who probably bags more women than I ever have
in my life. Like he has no problem doing
it. Guess what? Because he's super confident. He's he's
charming, he's funny, and he knows how to talk
to people. It just, you know, and he's a
sales guy. Like he's he's, he's incredible what he
does and Women, they don't care. And I'm not
saying there aren't women out there that care about
height. There are, but I promise you that's not
the end all be all. And it's not, you
know, if you ask a woman what she wants
and what she looks for in a guy, most
of the time, you know, take away some of
the younger girls who just haven't experienced life yet.
You ask a woman of mature of age, you
know what she wants out of a guy, a
lot of it is going to be, um, very,
uh, non-physical things.
No.
Yeah, I agree with
that. No, for sure, for sure. I, I mean,
as I said earlier, I mean, I, I'm a
complete nerd. Yeah. And I, and I've been successful
in dating and so you mean, no, because at
a certain point, I don't know exactly when, but
I started noticing that just by me talking about
the things that I that I know and because
I was talking about things that I know I
was always confident. Talking about them. Suddenly, everyone was
interested in me and I was like, What the
heck? What the heck is happening here?
You're an interesting person. It's like, yeah, and sometimes
it doesn't even matter what the subject matter is.
If you're confident in that because you know it
and you make it interesting, there's things that she
probably doesn't care that I know how to do.
But when I started explaining it to her and
I'm like, show her the process, like, it's interesting.
It's, it's, it's cool. I'm confident I'm doing it
and I'm good with the, if I'm good at
it and the output, like women, they love that
stuff. They love that stuff. And yeah, I don't
know. I don't I don't think it's as hard
as they make it to be. I don't think
it's as hard as they make it to be.
I understand there's a certain some skill sets required,
right? The confidence, right, to be able to not
be feared, to be able to take rejection, because
it's going to happen. It's going to happen, right?
But the worst that you get is a no,
you know. But, but if you're if you're the
harassment or the bashing or the, you know, I
see it all the time where a guy will
holler at a girl and she says, I'm interested.
And he's like, Oh, that's why you're a bitch
anyways. And it's like, Dang, dude, like shit, it's
OK to get rejected. Like accept the rejection, you
know, and then move accordingly next, right? Again, back
to sales. It's like, I lose sales for sure.
And the things that I do wrong, I just
I just learn from them and then try a
different route the next time. And then if it
works the next time, that's what I continuously do.
And then I build upon that. And that's all
it is. It's just about like it's just about
growing internally and then finding a partner. You know,
once you find a partner, you're both be enabled
to both grow together and internally, and then you
encourage each other and support each other to do
the same. These things. Things are not hard. They're
not hard to do. It's not all this like
go outside, work out, get a six-pack, you got
to have a bunch of money, you got to
show, you got to have a bunch of women
around you. Like all of that stuff is vain.
It's vain. And the women you pull with that
type of, they're vain too. They're, they lack substance
and, um, and you don't even want to build
with those, with, with, with anybody who that's
all they want. Look, I, I can tell you.
Uh, BEING at a bar, I, I, I had
situations where I was at bars talking about philosophy
and I beat guys with Ferraris.
I mean, I believe it. I'm telling you, dude,
yes, intelligence and, and just like having some interesting
talking points. I guarantee, yeah,
no, no, no, because just, just a guy, just
a guy coming in and bragging, oh my God,
I have a. Most of the girls are like,
What the heck? What is this?
It looks pretentious, dude. You look arrogant. That arrogant,
like, yeah, their confidence is actually just arrogance. Yeah,
and that's
a turnoff for a lot of women. It really
is.
And for the ones that it does attract, those
are the ones you don't want to probably build
with. They got some learning to do, right?
Yeah, but, but that's, that's the other thing, right?
I mean, if, if you present yourself honestly and
genuinely to women. I mean, even if most of
them, and most of them will reject you, that's
not a problem at all. I mean, they're not
wasting your time, right? Because the ones that are
not going to reject you are the ones with
whom you can have a good relationship.
Yes, it's like we talk about this all the
time, like people will be so mad at preferences.
We see this all the time, and sometimes I'll
see some like crazy preference, right, where the girl's
like, I'm not going to date a guy unless
he's, he makes, you know, 50. 1000 $0 a
month. And the response to that is always like
outraged. And I'm just like, that's her preference. If
it doesn't apply, let it fly. If you're not
the guy that's going to make $50,000 a month,
then y'all just won't work out. And it's OK
to not like that not be who you're attracted
to and her not be attracted to you. If
you have some crazy preference, you know it may
it may minimize your pool a little bit, but
at least that pool that you've minimized it to
are people that are going to align with what
you, that's what you want. You don't want this
widespread of like, Oh, I can just you know
Whoever, and then you're trying to figure out what
you like. And that's why self-awareness is so key
because it's like if you know yourself, if you
know your likes, that's the one thing they don't
preach is self-awareness and discernment, right? Because a lot
of times we will ignore the things that we
are not going to like later on for something
shallow, right? A pretty face, a nice body, whatever.
And instead of just having some discernment and being
like, OK, you're hot, but I know these are
things I probably don't want to deal with. And
it doesn't mean it's a bad thing. It doesn't
mean you're bad for. Having those qualities doesn't mean
I'm bad for not wanting them. It just means
we shouldn't be together because we won't align on
that. And that's OK. There's nothing wrong with that.
That's the crazy part. There's nothing wrong with that.
Go find go find the person that aligns with
your, we just had the episode where the guy
wanted like fifty-fifty on his first date, right? And
so it was just like, it's going to be
hard for him to find that person who will
do it, but it's like, stop going on dates
with girls who won't do it because you're going
to be mad at the end. It's OK to
have that preference, but then find that pool of
women who are OK with that preference and at
least you're Building from a place of, OK, we
at least align on like one of the values
that I have. It's not that hard, you know,
I just, I, it's not, it's not,
yeah, yeah, yeah, but you know, sometimes, particularly when
we're young in our early twenties or something, and
we have, we are lucky enough for a hot
girl to fall for us and we go, and
we know, and we know, OK, this is going
to go bad, this is going to end bad,
but, but, but it's to them. And you just
jump headfirst into the empty pool because you can't
resist it.
And guess what? You're going to have to learn.
You're going to have to learn the hard way.
We are all, we can all be hardheaded and
it's going to happen, and you might do it
multiple times. We've been learning the hard way since
we were a kid, right? Your mom told you,
Don't touch the stove, and you've touched the stove
and you burned yourself. Guess what? You won't do
it again. But you had that curiosity inside of
you. So yes, it happens. Hot girl comes along,
you know, she's the devil, but you know. But
you know, the devil might be worth it tonight.
OK? And that's OK, right? But again, it's just
like, again, growing from that and learning from that.
But if you keep on choosing that, don't get
mad at your choice. Don't get mad at women
for your choice. That's where this, this, that's the
other part is just the red pill lacks. The
red pill community and Manosphere have zero accountability. Nothing
is your fault. Nothing is a man's fault. Everything
is a woman's fault. They take zero accountability and
that goes back to your victim, uh, mentality comment.
If you're a victim and, and like I, I'm
a strong accountable accountability person like I, I'm, it's,
it's very few things that I say like obviously
there are uncontrollables sure that that happened to us,
but I, I, you know, a lot of things
that happen in your life are because you set
something in motion, whether good or bad, you know,
it doesn't matter, but a lot of times again
in choosing partners is that lack of discernment, um,
or, or. Just your, um, overall not understanding of
maybe what your wants and needs are personally. And,
um, but there's never any accountability, right? You'll choose
somebody who may not be good for you, and
it's that person's fault for not being good for
you instead of saying, well, I probably should have
just made a better choice for somebody who's good
for me. And that's what they'll preach. And that's
like that lack of accountability. Oh, that, that's your
downfall. That is your immediate downfall. It just, it,
it, yeah.
No, and the other stupid thing is like they're
always talking about how all women are hypergamous and
all women are all women are gold diggers, but
then, They go for the gold diggers and I'm
like, what? I mean, you're you're complaining that women
are gold diggers, but you, but you want to
come to a bar with a luxury cars and
and flashy clothes and being just a dick and
you're going to attract the Gold diggers and then
you complain that all women. What the heck?
It's back to the hip hop, back to the
contradicting things. It's like I say that all the
time. It's like you would call women gold diggers
and then you flash your money to get women
who are, they are the gold diggers. Congrats, you
played yourself, dummy. I don't understand. It's just, it's,
yeah, you. Discernment. Your, your decision, uh, your decision
making sucks. It's you. It's not anybody else. You
are the common denominator. If your relationships keep failing,
maybe a few of them could be like outside
of your control, but if, if you keep having
the same thing happen to you over and over
again, yeah, I'm a strong belief in that. Yeah,
probably common denominator theory here going on. So.
Yeah, and, and I mean also because I think
that if I remember correctly, this probably came out
last year or something that someone, an evolutionary psychologist
or someone like that studied this. I mean there's
this phenomenon of a phenomenon of assortative mating where
people tend to prefer partners that are similar to
them in terms of interests, in terms of personality
traits and all of that. And another thing that
they found is that Actually, people also tend to
date people that are more or less on the
same er socioeconomic er stra stratum. So I mean,
I I I mean uh like poor people tend
to date poor people, middle class people tend to
date middle class people and so on and so
forth. So, so I mean even the hypergamous thing,
I mean like. No, I mean stats
never back up. Yeah, I look up stats all
the time and I'm I'm a very detailed oriented
person in terms of like how I look up
statistical data. It's not just like, oh, I, you
know, look up some stats that kind of confirm
my bias. I look up the stats to find
those stats, and the stats of the stats of
the stats, right? To just kind of get a
deeper meaning. Yeah, they never back up with these
guys. Like they, they, like you were saying, a
lot of it is socioeconomical where um people will
date within their general. Area, right? Immediate area because
so if you live in a lower income area,
typically you're probably going to end up with a
lower income partner simply because you lack, you typically
lack the, the, the transportation to venture out. You're
not going to meet people. Obviously we have the
internet now, but like essentially, more than likely you're
going to probably find somebody within your community that
you end up dating. And um and the numbers
will literally reflect as such. There's there's no stats
that back up, um. This whole, the whole 80/20
thing where 80% of women go after 20% of
men. There's there's that's
true. That's just not true. That's just dating ga
BS. I mean, that's, that just happens on dating
apps. I mean just, just ditch the damn dating
apps and go on the street.
Well, and that's that's what I would say that
they project so much of that online internet world
into the real world, which is why I'm like,
and I said it in that manosphere where I
was like, go outside, go outside and touch some
grass, man. Go outside and meet some people. Your
next door neighbor probably isn't the only fans model
who wants men for money, right? You know what
I mean? More than likely. The girl you meet
at Kroger's, or I don't know, these are grocery
stores. I don't I don't know if you're familiar
with Kroger's, but you know Walmart or the girl
you meet there probably isn't reminiscent of you or
a representative of the girl you met on Tinder
who has her ass and her breasts out. You're
right. It's probably just a normal girl who just
wants probably the same things you want.
And look, it's even easier than that because people
or guys think that they, oh my God, I
have to go through the anxiety of going up
to a woman on the street and asking her
this and that. No, actually you can do something
that is much easier. You can. Just meet friends
of friends or be friends with women or be
or befriend women from your school, your university, your
workplace, or, or ask your female friends to see
if they have any single friends, yeah.
Funny, it's, it's, I know it's. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
it blows my mind, right? Like word of mouth
goes a long way. Um, BUT, um, yeah, to
kind of piggyback off of that, uh, I was,
I was debating this guy on, you know, he's
a red pill guy, and he was, he, he
subscribes to this thought that like, you know, women,
um, they, uh, they all, you know, they go
to the club every weekend and they're always partying,
and that's, you know, they meet men in the
club and that's where they're looking for men at
so. They're always, you know, trying to date bad
boys. Like I know you've heard this, like, oh,
they always go after the bad boys and all
this, right? Like, of course, stats don't reflect that.
Actually, like people that, you know, with, with some
sort of like bad boy history actually fare pretty
badly in the dating world. Women actually don't prefer
that. Stats will back that up. Um, BUT outside
of that, um, When when I when I kind
of started to look into like marriages that last
the longest, where people typically meet their partners at,
yeah, clubs was pretty low on the list. I
mean, it's usually like friends of friends, church, or
some sort of religious gathering. Um. Some sort of
like social group that you might be in. Um,
LIKE there was like 10 other things that like
way before it was like, oh, women going after
bad guys or people that may not be up
to par party people, stuff like that.
Another thing, another thing, go to places where there
are more women than men.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
You have better chances there. I mean, like if
you're going to university, go study social science, go
study psychology. I mean, it's like, uh, nowadays in
psychology it's like 60 or 70% women and 40
to 30% men, so I've
done it, right? Look, look who, look who's look
who's. Kind of understand humans and who's not, right?
Like you wonder
why, and not just that, I mean, learning psychology
is very useful, but not just that, but because
there are many more girls than boys, than men.
I mean, your dating chances are much
higher. Yeah, and college is a great place to
meet women. I probably met 4 girlfriends in college.
And all of them were actually like long term
girlfriends, like really good, actually pretty good relationships, just
me being a dickhead. But you have a friend,
and we had to tell her kind of like,
you know, because I think she was just having
problems meeting guys online and not to call anybody
out
using the dating apps, Tinder, Bumble, etc.
But your advice to her Um, was like, go
out to social groups
social groups. I told her, and I think this
is also so important when you're trying to meet
a partner and a long term partner, that is
um Go to places that like you actually enjoy.
Like any like hobbies that you may have, um,
that of course have the opposite sex, right? So
like if you, if you have like a girly
hobby, like you're, yeah, exactly, you're not like maybe
like if you go to like a coed like
a co ed one, but I think that it
is so much fun like getting into like The
atmosphere that you enjoy and you love and you
want to do, like, long term, and like finding
a potential partner there that like, because you have
like the same interests already. Like, you know, something
in common. So, and it's something fun that you
could end up doing together. But I feel like
that's like my favorite. Um, OF course, I haven't
met anyone in many years. We've been together. For
8 years. But it's my favorite piece of advice
to offer to like my single friends who struggle.
Do they listen to me? No. They're still staying
in the house, of course, and on these dating
apps, hoping that somebody will magically come along that
ticks all of their boxes. Um, BUT I think
that it would work if you just get out
there and, uh, you know, you, uh, meet someone.
Coffee shops, I think are really cute. A lot
of people go to coffee shops, so you're bound
to meet somebody, I think.
No, and look, if you're a nerdy guy like
me. I don't do this because I'm actually kind
of a hermit. I only go out twice twice
a year or something like that. But, but, but,
but, but, but look, if you are a nerdy
guy, just go to a book club or something
like that because 90%, 90% will be girls and
women, and they will, and they will, and, they
will all be like. Oh my God, the man
here is so cute.
You're already deemed cute and popular. Yes, I love
that. But it's just
good advice. It's just good advice. I'm like, yeah,
you don't have to. Again, stepping out, touching some
grass, because you're going to find that that social
media world, sure, there's women that exist and men
that exist in that world that are that way
in public, but just going out. You'll see that
a lot of this stuff is just online. It's
not the real world. Meet people the normal way.
I promise you. I promise you. And yes, like
you said, you're going to get rejected. There's going
to be rejection, right? And that's OK because it
just means that person wasn't for you. You want
you want the rejection. So it just narrows down
who works for you and who doesn't. And uh
and and discernment and knowing, you know, what's good
for you and what isn't. It's, it's not hard,
it's not hard. These guys make it hard, these
guys make
it
impossible.
Yeah, and and even look, even the rejection rate,
you can reduce it quite a lot if you're
smart with how you approach things because I mean,
you, let's say you go to a new activity.
I don't know, you go, you go to a
book club, you go to church, you go to
yoga, I mean, whatever. And, and, and then you
start uh meeting new women and start learning about
them, and then you get to know, they get
to learn that some of them are this and
that kind of interests in common with you. And
then one thing that you can do is start
talking with them and then, oh, you know, uh,
would you like to talk more about this later?
I mean, we could meet at the coffee or
at the cafe or something like that, at the
restaurant. I mean, and you start building from there
and, and you already have that basis of common
interests, common activities, probably common values. So I mean
the chance, the chances of rejection go down drastically.
So you would just have to be smart with
how you approach things, you know. Yeah,
yeah, and it doesn't have, and it doesn't have
to be a quantity thing. You have to shoot
your shot at 300 women and hope that one
like just narrow it down to what probably is
going to work for you, you know. And again,
these are the things that they don't preach, but
I I again, why we kind of started what
we did, because yeah, we want people to just
go like see how easy it is and see
how basic it really all could be. And I
get it. Like you know I don't want to,
I don't want to, you know, single anybody out.
I know that there's things that you know that
happen in relationships. We all go through our trauma,
we all go through triggers and we maybe thought
we picked the right person and they end up
being a monster. That does happen. I totally understand
that. Um, YOU know, so I don't want to
single those people out. Um, HOWEVER, you know, uh,
outside of, outside of those, you know, dating doesn't
have to be so hard. And even within those,
once you kind of, you know, before you go
back out and seek a partner, get healed first,
you know, find, find your way back to peace,
peace and, and, and, and, and positive mental health,
and then get back in the, you know, you
can get back in the dating world. And now
you know. You know what to look out for
and stuff, but you know, to just to cast
this, this generalizing net over all women because you
decided to flash a bunch of money to gold
diggers and not all women are gold diggers.
Shoot,
dude, jeez.
I, I mean, I mean, that's why, and this
is another, this is another part of the manosphere,
the pickup artists. I mean, the pick up. Artistry
is just BS. I mean, why should, why should
it work? Why do you expect it to work
if you go out on the street and approach
a random, a fucking guest, random woman, and she
doesn't know you from nowhere and like, and like
a random dude coming to her, Oh, I find
you pretty. Could you give me your number? What?
Yeah, yeah, that's like say you don't know women
without saying you don't know women, right? Like that's
not how to approach women. And that's another thing
I got, I got I got into it with
a guy and I was just like, you just
like y'all don't know how to approach people. I
just like approach is everything. First of all, know
who to approach. But then just how you approach
people is, it's so much. And I thought, I
mean, outside of just picking up women, just relationships
in general. If you have an issue with something,
if you're upset about something, like approach will change
the the the course of how any conversation goes.
And if you don't understand approach and you don't
know approach, Again, you're, you're, it's, it's not the
person that has the problem, it's you. It's you
not understanding how to approach people and in a
respectful way, right? Like it's, it's not hard to
that's what it was because I got into it
with a guy who was telling, who was basically
made this overgeneralized comment. Um, A friend of mine
had posted that he met his girl. Through DMs.
LIKE she liked a picture of his. He DM'ed
her and said, Hey, you know, it was a
cute little post he posted on Mother's Day. And
it actually weirdly went viral, but it went viral
kind of for the wrong reasons. And it was
a bunch of guys basically saying like, Yeah, that
doesn't work. That never works. That might have worked
for you. And the main kind of uh consistent
um Uh, rhetoric that you saw in this was
that nowadays when you message a woman, um, she's
just going to post it for content. And I
thought this was the most asinine take from this
because I can guarantee you 100% that. There's no
world where you approach a woman respectfully and maybe
her DMs or maybe her inbox and she posts
you for content. The posts that get posted for
content from women are usually from some disrespectful man
who who's he's either sent an unsolicited private pic
or is just being insanely vulgar or something like
that. If a woman were to post a man
approaching her in a respectful way, they would probably
tear her up for that because most people would
be like, Oh, he sounds like. He was actually
being pretty respectful. And so this crazy narrative that
they were running with that like men or women
will just post you in for content. I'm like,
that doesn't happen unless you unless you're being an
asshole in her inbox. If you have approached a
woman, and it was crazy to me that I
had to explain to people that your approach mattered.
It blew my mind and I was arguing with
people for this. Why am I arguing with you
that approaching women respectfully will not get you posted
for content? You might get rejected. But there's not
women out there just posting the respectful guy in
her inbox. That doesn't happen. It's, it's insane
to me. No, no, look, I have a very
funny story because, uh, I, I, I'm friends with
a few sex workers and one of, one of
them told me once, oh, you know, I got,
uh, there was this one time where a guy
tried to seduce me because he got. My number
on the website and he tried to seduce me,
sending me a dick pic, and I'm like, dude,
I'm seeing
dick. I'm seeing
dicks the entire time.
Stop doing it. It has a 0% success rate,
man. No,
no, no, no, but, but in her specific case
it was even dumber because she said, I'm seeing
dicks the entire time. That's what I do. What
the heck? That is hilarious. That is hilarious. Yeah.
And it's so funny. It's so funny. Yeah, and
it's like, do I have to tell men not
to send unsolicited dick pics? Like why do we
not know that? Why do we not know that?
The amount of women, and the amount of women
will tell you that that's happened to us, probably,
I would say like 95% of women have at
some point received an unsolicited dick pic. And that
blows my mind that I know for a fact
it has a 0% success rate and that it
still happens. And I don't know if these guys
would just shoot it to 100 women and hope
that one respond, but I just, I really want
to meet the guy who did it and a
girl responded and said, Oh, I love that you
said that to me unsolicited. What's your name? They've
never seen it work. That's insane
to me. I've never seen that work either.
Nobody wants that. Nobody wants that. The girls, even
when you're dating, they barely want that sometimes. Even
when she does like you.
This might sound extreme, but a random doing it,
it's like borderline essay to me. I did not
ask for that. It's almost as if like I
keep hitting the mic. I'm so sorry. I'm I'm
trying to stay still. Um, BUT it's almost as
if, like, you know, I, I don't know, like
maybe you're in the, the parking lot at a
restaurant and someone yells like, hey, and then you
turn around and then he just like whips it
out. Like that's how I always looked at it.
So. Yeah.
Like you didn't ask for it. That is just
so sad. But thesepiabars with their lack of approach
and lack of understanding of approach, and then wonder
why that you have a 0, like your shot,
you shoot 0% from the field. It's really not
rocket science. And maybe I'm just like, so, I
don't know. Maybe I maybe I need to be,
I guess, a little more patient with people and
a little more understanding. I just feel like these
are things that you should just like automatically know,
but I don't know, man. The more it happens,
sometimes I'm like, OK, maybe I'm just the, maybe
I'm the no, no, no, but, but, but, no,
but look, I, I mean, uh, I, I, I
talked with, um, An evolutionary psychologist once on the
show and er he has, he's been doing work
on why dating fails in modern societies and he
has a very interesting insight into it because because
I mean one of the main factors he points
to was that, er, I mean, we haven't really
evolved or even we don't even have a. A
culture of people knowing how to really date because
for 99% of human history, basically marriages were arranged,
so you know, yeah, so you know it was
basically people's families. The guy's family and the girl's
family basically coming together and arranging the marriage. So
I mean for for 99.9% of human history, neither
guys nor girls had to learn anything about attracting
someone of the opposite sex,
you know, that that's, that's really interesting and it
makes quite a bit of sense, yeah, um.
Uh, I mean, and the, and the other thing
is, I, I guess that's also one of the
reasons why women, er, if they really want to,
but I mean the issue that women usually get
is that the. Most of the guys out there,
as we've already said, are not really that interesting,
so that's the issue that they have when it
comes to dating. But I guess that the reason
why it's easier in general for women to get
a a partner than the other way around is
because women. ARE actually taught from a very early
age to communicate, to express their feelings and all
of that. So you know, they, they already have
an upper end when it comes to those kinds
of social interactions,
right? And my thing with that is that because
they get, they get told this, um. The the
men will say that like, Oh, we were always
told to hold our feelings in, but it's also
the men that will diss you if you show
your feelings. So it's like we're our own demise
and somehow women are to blame for that, which
is where I really find an issue at is
that um and that's the part that just confuses
me because I'm like, you guys will say that
you'll say that. We like, uh, we, we don't
have a space to, to, to be vulnerable and
they tell us to be tough and they, but
then you then you Then you will bash your
friend or your homie or anything like that if
they ever express any sort of feelings or any
sort of like, it's like, Oh man, man up,
man up. And it's like then you can't you
can't have your foot on both sides of the
fence. You either are for you know men being
a little bit more vulnerable, showing some emotion and
being more confident in that, or you want to
keep on preaching to hold it. All in, which
just goes back into and plays back into our
depression rates and our suicide rates and our deterioration
of mental health. It's the same thing that you
preach, and then you tell, and then again, you
say that, you know, oh well, men can't men
can't express anything. They can't express anything because you
will demonize them for it. They can't express anything
because their male counterparts will make them feel less
than a man for it. And that's not women's
fault. That's men's faults. That's men's fault because my
girl, and no girl I've ever talked to has
ever told me to man up when I've showed
my feelings. That's never happened from a girl. It's
only, it's only happened from men. And so that's
where I hold it in at. But guess what?
It plays to my detriment. And so again, how
do we blame women for that? It blows my
mind. It's just another wild, just another wild take
that these guys will preach to you, that you
can't show emotion. Yeah, because you won't allow them
to. Because you tell them not to, because you
tell them it's a weakness to do it, and
I tell them it's the opposite. I think vulnerability
and I think empathy are also are all strengths.
I, I, I wholeheartedly believe that
confidence, and the thing is they say. You shouldn't
show emotion, but then one of the main complaints
that you hear from women when relationships don't work
is that they say that the guy was not
emotionally available. Yeah,
yeah, yeah, absolutely, yeah. Yep. And um and it's
like, and instead of a man taking that and
saying, you know what, I want to improve myself,
you'll find a way to make it her fault.
And um and I feel I understand that because
as humans, ego is going to take over, right?
And we don't want to be blame. We don't
want to be to blame for anything. But that
is those are lack of leadership skills. And that's
these guys will, they will present as leaders and
they lack all of the basic skills of what
a leader is. They lack all of them. Um,
YOU know, and so, and so you're following somebody
who is the opposite, um, of what a, I
won't say they're not leaders, they're bad leaders. And
they're following bad leaders. They're following bad leadership, you
know, people that are and
and that's, and that's the thing, right, because I,
I mean back in even the 2000s, I mean,
what would be our role models, a guy like,
I don't know whereriorn from the Lord of the
Rings, I mean,
yeah,
yeah. A guy, a guy who is like competent,
strong, honest, humble, kind. He was a kind guy.
Like you can, you can be kind, believe it
or not, you can be
kind. You're allowed to be kind to people. It's
OK, I promise. You don't have to be. Yeah,
they, they, that's exactly what they do. They, uh,
they, they use the, the masculine traits, but they
use them for negative, right? They use them for
negative things. They tell you to be confident, but
they, they use it, they use it for arrogance.
They tell you to be, you know, dominant, but
they use it for control. And you can be
dominant but not controlling, right? You can be the
head of something and, and, and, and be um
understanding and that's, that's the problem is that they
don't understand these leadership skills and how to convert
them into um uh effective positive leadership. Um, AND,
and that's, that's, I think, where, where the, the,
where it gets misconstrued and where people look at
an Andrew Tate and think he's a leader, but
don't realize he's a bad leader. He leads you
to your demise, not too great, he doesn't lead
you to greatness.
Yeah, by the way, talking about healthy masculinity, I
actually wrote down here a list of traits that,
I mean, they just came to mind when I
was thinking about these, the traits I think that
Uh, healthy, should be attached to healthy masculinity and
let me just, let me just tell you guys
them and then tell me what you think about
them and if you would, if you would add
something else or so, uh, honest, responsible. Humble, virtuous,
respect, respects commitments, kind, empathetic, stands up against corrupt
power, protects the vulnerable, learns from his mistakes, respects,
respects people who are wiser, treats people in general
with respect, and only is violent when strictly necessary.
I love that. I mean, you, you bodied it.
You bodied it. I would, um, maybe you touched
on this, maybe you said this, uh, because you
were you were just, you were knocking it out
the park group just now. Um, THE one I
would add, if you didn't say this, um, is
that, um. And there's obviously a shortened version of
this, but I want to explain it more, um,
leaders, people think that as a leader, your job
is to just lead people to their growth. Leaders
also have to understand you have to grow too.
So I would say also self progression, um, understanding
that even as a leader you have more to
learn and you can still grow. You just because
you lead people, you can learn from the people
you're leading just as they're learning from you. If
you're leading people and you know that again, I,
I run a business and, uh, anytime my employees
do something that is, uh. That's like unsatisfactory or
that's not good for business. I, I, well, obviously,
you know, they get reprimanded and things happen, but
I also internally say, what could I did to
better manage this person so that they didn't make
that mistake in the first place. Because there was
something I lacked there too. There was something I
missed and maybe there's maybe I exhausted all options
and this person is just, you know, that's they
were going to do it regardless. Maybe. But there's
also a chance that there was something I missed
and if I would have done it, this bad
thing wouldn't have happened. And that me as a
leader says, I have an opportunity for growth in
this as well. Because, um, because if I don't,
and this could keep happening, and if it keeps
happening, that means it is me. It probably is
something I'm doing. Um, SO yeah, that that's if
you didn't talk about any sort of self-progression or
just like growth, I would say I would, I
would only add that one thing because I think
people think as leaders, you know, you're just helping
others grow. No, you got to grow too.
Yeah, and the thing is, I, I think that
every single aspect that I mentioned here can also
apply to women, actually. I mean, I, I mean,
I mean it's it's not, it's not that women
can't be those, these things. I mean, actually, they
can, and I think they should as well. So
yeah, I mean, you, you, you know, it's, I
mean, maybe. You can say that it would manifest
in slightly different ways between men and women, but
I mean we can have these same traits in
men and women, and I think they're just good
human traits to have. They,
they are good human traits, and the one thing
I will, will kind of add to that is,
yeah, obviously you kind of expect certain standards for
women, um. And, and men are, men are probably
going to not like me for this, but if
you're going to call yourself a leader. Then you
are also responsible for the people you lead. And
if you're leading women, then you're responsible for them
attaining those traits just the way you are. So
if you don't set a good example, and I'm
not saying women shouldn't take it upon themselves to
have those traits, you're right. That is just a
human, that's just good human nature, right? But at
the same time, Um, if I'm not an example
of those traits and I expect the women around
me or the people I lead around me to
exude those traits the same, then that's, that, that's,
uh, that's my problem. Like that's a problem for
me. That's me not doing, uh, that's me not
like basically preaching what or, or, or living what
I preach. And so I find that women tend
to be reactionary. Like a lot of times when
you go into a relationship, when you're in a
relationship. Women adopt like a good, when when they're
with a good man, they tend to adopt a
lot of his habits and they tend to a
lot of adopt a lot of his ways, you
know, and don't get me wrong, it goes both
ways. A man can do the same for a
woman, but typically a man that's like the dominant
head of the household, women will start to kind
of adopt certain personality traits that he has, certain,
you know, certain habits that he has, right? If
you're um a disciplined person who wakes up every
morning, you know, you'll kind of Start to see
that like your partner's like, Oh, he's really disciplined.
I kind of want to be like, do a
little bit better in that world. You know, if
you're, you know, if you're honest, if you're humble,
if you're, if you show strength, because what happens
is when you do those things, like if, if
I show those traits, and because I have those
traits inside of me, I see a lot of
success in life and I see a lot of
positive relationships, people will look at that and say,
oh man, like every time I see him, like
he's successful and he has positive traits. What is
he doing? And then people start to follow that.
So when I'm setting that example, I'm also setting
it for my girl, or any woman. And so,
because I know that they're reactionary, when they see
that, they're like, Oh, you know, when he has,
I really love that in him. I want to
I want to also portray those things as well.
So a lot of times, yes, I, I We're
all responsible for having, you know, good thing, you
know, for, for approaching life in a positive manner
and, and obtaining the things needed to treat everyone
with respect and be just a good general human.
But at the same time, if somebody's gonna deem
themselves a leader, you are absolutely responsible for the
people you lead, and you're absolutely responsible. For instilling
those my mom was responsible for instilling certain values
in me as a child and she was my
leader and I look at this, I look at
that the same way as the people that I
lead. I am responsible for instilling the traits that
I think are good for growth, um, inside of
you and if I, if you aren't doing that,
then I am failing you.
Yeah, and look, even when you were talking about
leadership, I mean we have many examples of men
throughout history who were leaders or we could consider
to be leaders, and they were not that stereotypical
brutish men or I mean you have people like
Jesus, you have people like Gandhi, you have people
like Martin Luther King. I mean some of the
nicest, kindest people who ever lived, and I mean
they were proper men and they were leaders in
their own sort of way, and, and everyone respected
them.
Yep, so yeah, if you look at like, you
know, I'm a big, I'm a big, you know,
I'm big into uh. Uh, I'm a big follower
of like stoicism and, and, and, and, um, and
stoic philosophy and uh a lot of the leaders
in stoicism were. Just good, you know, good, virtuous
men with temperance, you know, and, and they weren't
these, you know, some of them, you know, some
of them were generals, sure, and some of them
were writers, some of them were just artists. You
know, a lot of, you know, kings respected these
men, you know, um, so yeah, that, that's, you,
you can be a leader and you can attract
people, uh. Without all that physical other mumbo jumbo
stuff. It helps sometimes, don't get me wrong, like
you know if you look like Achilles and you
and you also have some leadership skills, it probably
works in your favor, but it's not necessary and
not needed. And um and certainly and certainly not
needed to attract people, not just women, just attracting
people to you and people that are wanting to
be around you, which ultimately leads to your happiness
and good relationships with women.
No, look, sometimes I say, I, I don't know
if you ever heard of that Greek philosopher. He,
he was sort of a weird guy but also
a very interesting guy. Diogenes, the one who lived
in a barrel in
the middle of. No,
no, look, look, if, if, if, if, if a
guy can be like Diogenes, like dirt poor. A
beggar living on the street, but have female friends.
I mean you have no excuse. I mean, I
mean that that guy, this is just an anecdote.
It has, it was never confirmed historically, but as
this. ANECDOTE that Alexander the Great, when he conquered
Greece, went to meet Diogenes because Diogenes was very
famous, and he was like, Oh, what do you
want from me? And Diogenes was like, Oh yeah,
get the well away from me because you're, you're
blocking this,
my son. Yep, I love that story. I love
that story.
I I'm. That, that, that guy right there is
a fucking alpha male. I mean, I got, I
got, I got a guy who can turn to
a guy who can turn to Alexander the Great,
and I get the hell away from you.
I mean, I love that. I love that story.
I love that story. Yeah, he turns up and
says, get out, you know, you're blocking my son.
Like it's like, I don't. Nothing. I'm, you know,
I'm, I'm comfortable. I'm, I'm a, I'm a man,
you know. So, uh, yeah, definitely. And, and, and
those are great, just, um, those are just great
examples. And, uh, ones that people, you know, even
if anecdotal, ones that people, I, I think anecdotes
do serve a purpose, right? Because they at least
show you that it's possible and that it can.
That that it does exist. Everything doesn't have to
be. I mean, I'm a big statistics guy. I'm
a big, uh, you know, analytics guy, but at
the same time I also was, you know, I
also like to say like, yeah, but the things
that you're saying aren't possible are possible, and I
can, I can at least show you in a
few instances where they happen, um, maybe you can
call them fringe cases. But if they're able to
do it, then that means, you know, a lot
of us should, should be able to do it.
You know, it's not something like where I'm telling
you you should be able to go make a
million dollars tomorrow. It's we're talking about internal skills.
You're absolutely able to harness those for sure and
learn those and
grow. And look, and look, if you, if you
compare. The men that were famous throughout history are,
I mean, they were distinct in some way and
that we admire with the ones that we despise.
I mean the ones that we despise, yeah, sure
they were famous, but those are the ones. That
tend to have the traits that the manosphere say
you should have. I mean, because at the end
of the day you're, if you're just like a
psychopath because you, you want to dominate people and
you want to step on people and you want
to subjugate people and women and so on. I
mean, you're going to be like Hitler, and do
you see anyone apart from those loser neo-Nazis out
there admiring, admiring that bastard?
Yeah, and who wants to end up like that,
right? Like there's always this like you can you
talk about this admiration for these crazy people and
it's like, look how they ended up. These people
were, they ended it all, it was never a
good ending. You never know, it was never. Yeah,
it just, that's not the role model. Obviously, Hitler's
super extreme case. You know that's, I mean, for
sure, he was a great example of all this,
but even just on a smaller scale, it's just
like most of these guys do not end up
happy because the actual things that humans really crave
and the real things that humans want, these guys
are steering you away from that. They're steering you
away from really actual internal wants and needs. And
that will make you bitter. And they're bitter, they're
bitter. And who wants to, I mean, you, I
get that people like to play victim and be
victim, sure, but I promise you, happiness and self
fulfillment, it's just being fulfilling and being fulfilled internally.
It's just, it feels so much better. It feels
so much better. Um, YOU know, and so, uh,
these guys are, they preach bitterness, they preach fear,
they preach hate, uh, fear mongering, and it's like
Do you like, can you not see through this?
Do you not see through these guys? They're not
happy. They're not happy internally being that insecure. It's
so much more, and I have my insecure moments,
but it's so much more, it's so much more
refreshing and it feels there's so much more freedom
and saying, you know what, man, I have a
little bit of anxiety today and not feeling bad
for saying that, not feeling like I'm less than
a man for saying like Yeah, I'm, I'm like
today was a hard day, you know, I, I,
you know, I'm, I'm like emotionally just exhausted, right?
And it's like when you have confidence in that
and you have people surrounding you that, you know,
you've, you've, uh, you've kind of not, I don't
want to say trained, but like they know you're
not worried about because people will, will adapt to
that. The confidence will go a long way, right?
I always laugh about like, um, I used to
watch this guy on YouTube and he would sneak
into game, like big, um, uh, sports. Arenas and
games and stuff by acting like he was supposed
to be there. So he would like walk through
the ticket booth with a ladder and act like
he was a construction worker. He wouldn't, he would,
and he was looked, because he looked so confident,
nobody would question this guy, you know. And I,
and I, and he would walk into like the,
the biggest, coolest club and act like he was
supposed to be there. He'd have a nice suit
on and he'd just walk. And it was just
the confidence speaking. It was just like, this guy
is signaling that he's supposed to be here. And
so everybody bought into it. And that's really how
far confidence can go. And so if you, if
you're confidently, uh, if you're confidently, um, emotionally intelligent,
if you're confidently vulnerable, if you're confidently, you know,
I'm not saying walk around and boohoo all day.
That's not what I'm saying. But I'm just saying
if you're confident in your feelings for the day,
people will not only people will will respect it,
but they'll actually start to adapt. Adapt to it
because they're going to start to trust you. They're
going to start to trust. They're like, Oh, you
know what, like this guy's, he seems like he
don't mind if I show a little bit of
feelings. And that's, I think, a really healthy place
to be. I think it's a really healthy place
to be. I have friends that when they're going
through something, they call me and tell me they're
going through something. When they're going through something with
their girl, when they're going through something with their
kids, you know, I have a really, you know,
they, they're not scared to show me their feelings.
In their emotion and we will have a good
man to man, heart to heart conversation and tears
might shed. You know what I mean? And again,
I'm not walking around boo-hooing and you know and
any other day, I'm a man, you know, you
can't fight, you can't beat me up, you know.
So you can call me soft all you want,
but you won't fight. You know, so it's, it's,
it's not not to take the violent route, but
it's just like, I will also stand my ground
when it's, I protect those around me. The ones
that are around me feel protected. And, and I
say that again, not to gas myself, but to
say that like these things as a leader, you
can absolutely portray and uh you don't have to
walk around like these guys say, you know, in,
in, in, um, this fear and this bitterness and
this hatred towards women. Um, THERE'S a, there's a
much better way. There's a much better way. So.
Yeah, so look, should we wrap things up? I
mean, I mean, it's just, it's just because it's
almost 2 a.m. here in Portugal.
I'm so sorry,
man. No, no, no, but yeah,
he's, we, yeah, when he said 5:30, 5:30 for
us, it's like 11 something for him. And I
was like, oh dude, you should have. Flipped it.
We could have did the night when I'd have
let you do the day. So I feel bad,
but yeah, we can absolutely call it, man, get
you some rest.
No, look, look, it's, it's, it's, it's been great.
It's been awesome. And if you're open to it,
I mean, we might record another episode because, uh,
absolutely,
yeah, any, anytime I would love to. I could,
I could, I could do this all day, you
know,
so I, I mean, but. Yeah, just for people,
I, I mean, I actually will have you as
uh collaborators on YouTube when I release the video,
but, but where, where, where, where else can people
find you?
Yeah,
um, so I am Kaushi Drake on all social
media platforms.
And I am Breeze Oliver, uh, same name on
all social media platforms. We don't change them. And
then, uh, and then obviously our podcast is Love
for Debate. We're on all those social media platforms.
We drop 2 episodes a week, um, on different
subjects. We basically, it's, it's fun. We just read
stories of couples' arguments or debates or issues. We
read a real life story and then we talk
about it. We debate it and sometimes we agree,
sometimes. We disagree, but we hash it out and
we try to find some common ground because what
we don't want is couples just saying, Oh, the
hell with that, or the hell with women or
the hell with men. We want you to find
some there because these are normal human things that
we all go through and there's a way to
find compromise in all of these stories that we
read, no matter how crazy they are, right? So
that's why we started it, but love up for
debate on all platforms and um we really, really
appreciate you having us. This has been A lot
of fun. I love the conversation.
I loved it so much. I know I didn't
talk too much, but, uh, you know, have their
time.
Yeah, and next time I will come up with
some more girly topics, and you will talk more
than us.
I appreciate that so much.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingbird, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegeru Inasi Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarinth, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezaraujo Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka, Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolatti, Gabriel Pan Scortez
or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith,
and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno,
Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David
Williams, Di Acosta, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw,
Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee
Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert
Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark
Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson,
Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael
Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van
Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi,
Perpendicular, Janasertner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean
Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special thanks
to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas Stink,
Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon Negro, Al Nick
Cortiz and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers,
Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank
you for all.